This lesson focuses on view settings and view filters.
We'll start off by considering the differences between
view settings and filters, versus custom segments.
We'll talk about the important best practice of
maintaining at least three views per property,
and then we'll get into some specific settings and filtering such
as excluding your internal traffic, lowercasing several dimensions,
specifying the default page to rewrite that ubiquitous forward slash,
consolidating your URLs for easier analysis,
configuring site search, breaking out country
specific organic search sources and finally,
using filters to create dedicated subsets of your data.